What a big breath
Two fellow Daoists and I have guarded Dazhou for hundreds of years
How can you, a yellow-haired child, ruin my luck?
Daoists should not be too extreme in doing things
You and I were originally monks
Ignore this mundane thing
Big Zhou's life is over
Abandoned
If you don't cripple him
How to settle down in Kyushu
How peaceful is life?
We are entrusted by the death of the Great Zhou
There must be a big week
I will never allow you to ruin Big Zhou like this
Little friend, I miss you, it's not easy to practice
Don't ruin your future!
I'll say it exactly.
Look, you have hundreds of years of Taoism
Leave now
I can let go of the past
Ahhh
I'm not dead
Qin Shi sent you to protect the Great Zhou
You almost ruined the big week
What are you guilty of?
See the three immortals
Please forgive me
This man is a monster
He has a magic weapon to resist my flexibility
And his skills as a witch in this dress are not inferior to mine
i
Can't resist the soul
Simple
Even if you have a fairy aunt by your side now
No matter how powerful it is
There are three immortals
I see what you do.
Shangxian, a few scattered people dare to call themselves Shangxian